Copy list with random pointer  
Is BST or Not
- Given input matrix , start and end index find sum between them
- String reversal followed by sentence reversal
- Find celebrity - Only one for loop!
- Find all subsets of given set.  -> Can find subsets using DFS just like the phone number -> letter question
Walk me through your debugging process when you encounter a bug.  
Find the second smallest element of the BST  -> Do this!
Given an array like [0,1,2,3,4,5] and an index like 3, make the array [3,4,5,0,1,2] in place  
Find the length of the longest palindrome in a string  
Connect two linked lists to make one sorted linked list.  
Rotate a matrix by 90 degrees.  
Detect a loop in linked list.  
Connect all leaves of binary tree by using right pointer  -> 
given a string & all possible character mappings, print all unique strings formed by replacing characters in string by char from its mapping.
string: abc
mapping: a ->(t,r), b ->(u,i)
so print tbc, rbc, auc, ....  
1. A simple backtracking problem, parse a given string for a specific type of substrings.  
Balance a BST 
Given a connected graph, create a function that returns true if the graph is bipartite.  
BST insert delete balance etc.  
Write a program that will find all the prime numbers in array  
Navigating a binary search tree using inorder traversal for a specified value.  
describe one of the challenges you had in your projects and how you tackle it.  
given a number, permute the digits to form the next larger permutation.  
1. Find longest palindrome sub-string in a given string .
2. Find k-largest number from a huge amount of data which can not be fit in memory .
Simple odd-even sorting algorithm to soft the list of numbers into odds first and then evens in no particular order within.  
Please delete a given node from a sorted singly-linked list.  
1. two sum 2. LCA 3. array partition 4. parentheses pairing 5. longest branch in a tree  
Find the closest common ancestors to 2 nodes in a n-ary tree.  
Transfer a binary tree to a file, and be able to build the tree back from that file.  
Shuffle a deck of cards (given as an array) ensure a random shuffle each time  
Determine if one word is an anagram if another  
Implement to insert (put) function for a hashmap  
Implement a way to search for a key/value pair in a file in O(logn). (The file is populated based off of a bst)  
Construct a binary tree with the preorder traversal string and the inorder traversal string.  
Given an array of persons, find the celebrity (a person known by everyone, and who knows nobody). 
BFS, DFS, Find if a binary tree is symmetric.  
Determine if a string is an permutation of another string.  
Question about utilizing a max heap.  
Combine an ascending sorted list and a descending order list.  
For a given number, write an algorithm that can find its square root.  
Given an NxM matrix, iterate through it in a spiral direction.  
Given 2d matrix and a string. Write a function to check if string is contained in the 2d matrix  
Create a function that does a binary search through a sorted array of integers.  
Find a palindrome in this string  
Similar to all possible combinations of a string  
Return the factorial of a number. Then implement BigInteger for large n, and implement add and subtract for BigInteger.  
Battleships in a Board
One Edit Distance
















